Data: Ecommerce Data Set: Online Book RFM Data (See Sample data spreadsheet tab with this name)

Challenge: Develop a “Recommendation Engine” AI solution for a Website using an Unsupervised segmentation/clustering approach complete with economic analysis and presentation to management to convince the CMO and Webmaster to implement the solution.

Description: An ecommerce website currently recommends “most popular” items to all users with the hope that users will add items to their shopping cart and increase the size of each purchase. This approach is successful by increasing sales for the website and the current CMO/Webmaster do not believe there is a more intelligent solution that is more relevant to each users based on their prior purchases and relationship with the ecommerce website.

INSTRUCTIONS

Before assembling your group, complete the first six questions and analysis tasks below individually. Please perform the following tasks to help create a recommendation engine and AI solution to help improve the performance of the ecommerce website:

Perform descriptive statistics on all variables to help understand the data, the distributions and basic info you have to work with on this challenge. (Mean, Standard Deviation, Median, Min, Max and Histogram)
Create a new data set with more descriptive labels and the data needed for analysis
Document the problem you will address using the SMART framework – use hypothetical data and goals for the improvement your Recommendation Engine will deliver
Select from a pool of titles and roles within the company to create a core team (Maximum 6-8 members) to perform the analysis and develop the pitch to your CMO. (Pool: VP Finance, Data Engineer, SVP Data Scientist, Financial Analyst, Customer Satisfaction Manager, Website Analyst, Webmaster, VP Marketing, Performance Marketing SEM/SEO Analyst, Customer Retention Manager, Marketing Manager, Customer Research Analyst, Data Visualization Specialist, Sr. Data Scientist, Marketing Analytics Manager, IT Manager for Ecommerce Data Storage, Marketing Messaging/Creative Designer, Ecommerce Financial Manager)
Describe the team strengths and discipline focus areas that justify your need for each person and why this talent will be necessary for your success. This justification is intended to both motivate the team members and gain support from their managers to join your team.
Choose either a “supervised” or an “unsupervised” approach to segment/cluster current customers using the data provided. You may develop a rules base algorithm to ID a customer on each new transaction and assign them to one of your segments/clusters. Create sample data (5-10 records) with synthetic data to show how a new transaction will be scored and assigned to a segment/cluster. (You can use RFM<Recency, Frequency, Monetary Value>, K-Means or other rules based approached. Your segmentation must be MECE (Mutually Exclusive, Comprehensively Exhaustive) and any record of any incoming customer must receive one score and become assigned to a single segment – even if the transaction is incomplete or abandoned prior to purchase.
Hint: Each segment you create should get a unique message, discount and suggested item to purchase that is more likely to motivate the customer to add an item to their cart than the current approach, which is “most popular” item. For example, frequent customers might receive a most popular suggestion from the same category of book as their current purchase without a discount. Infrequent customers might receive a discounted popular item to incentivize a purchase.

Note: A segmentation approach based on prior purchase patterns (recency, frequency and monetary value) in this situation is a strong approach but not the only one (RFM Approach). More recent, more frequent, and higher dollar value customers are much more engaged to the brand and likely to purchase additional items in their favorite categories, while long dormant, less frequent and low dollar value customers are unlikely to be motivated to add to their shopping cart without a very relevant and high value offer.