Part 1:
Download the sql template file with the questions: assignment4_template.sql Download assignment4_template.sql 
Connect to your MySQL database in Workbench and open the template file.
Complete each of the questions within the template by writing your query after the specified question description. 
Please try to think through and solve the problems on your own before reading the hints included with some of the questions.
Follow the additional guidelines below
Read through the whole template and read each question carefully. Make sure to follow all instructions.
Put your name and date at the top of the file where indicated.
Each question should be answered with only one SQL query/statement per question unless otherwise indicated.
All queries must be written below the corresponding question number/comment lines.
Good SQL formatting with appropriate line breaks and indentations is encouraged.
DO NOT delete or modify any of the existing lines in the template beginning with # marks.
DO NOT add inline comments within your query answers.
Make sure to include the schema name in all table references (i.e. sakila.customer, not just customer)
If a question asks for specific columns and/or column aliases, they must be followed.
Pay attention to the requested column aliases for aggregations and calculations. Otherwise, do not re-alias columns from the original column names in the tables unless asked to do so.
Double check that all the queries in your file can run prior to submission.
Submission Criteria for Part 1:

Follow all instructions and formatting listed above.
Save your final submission as a .sql file with the following file format: firstname_lastname_sql_assignment4.sql
 

Part 2: Optional and extra credit
Come up with 5 additional questions of your own using the Sakila dataset and write queries to answer them.  Execute and return the results of the queries using a Python Jupyter Notebook.

Submission Criteria for Part 2:

Each query must contain at least one join.
Above each query, write the question/business case it solves, using either code comments or Jupyter markdown cells.  Make sure to number your questions 1-5.
Return and display the results of each query in a pandas dataframe.
Make sure to the number of rows displayed in the notebook for each query to no more than 10.
Export and submit the complete notebook code & output as an html file with the filename format: firstname_lastname_python_assignment4.html. 